What advice would you give an
entrepreneur?
Someone who just created their
new project.
Well, first I would say things
that are said very
often, but I want to emphasize
that failure is a success.
There are very few entrepreneurs who have
success in their first project.
I think statistics are like bonoloto.
That is, more or less the same as the
statistics of the bonoloto.
The good thing is that you
have opportunities and that you probably
have a huge learning opportunity
every time you do something of this.
Frustration because a first
project has not gone well or
not ended kills half or 95% of
entrepreneurs.
But we have to be realistic.
How many projects are undertaken
in the world every day?
How many are successful?
How many are not successful?
How many times do you have to undertake?
What learning have you had?
What variation of what you did two
years ago do you want to do now?
I want to be realistic because
the rest is not realistic.
Some people are doing a project.
I was very lucky.
I was in the 20 hours a day because
it was what I most wanted at that
time and I was able to carry
out that project.
But that doesn't mean I've undertaken
many other things afterwards
and I haven't been able to put
them in place.
Probably hundreds.
Then I'd give you the biggest
advice is to stay with
learning if you're not able.
Try it again, okay.
Be constant in what you are doing.
Don't look at the short, look
at the long.
I have had success
many times.
I remember a very curious thing because
there have been times of undertaking
within what is already the
company.
I remember when we launched the Plus Elite
Account and it was a very curious
experience.
We had our famous Plus Account of
X money and we launched the Premium,
the huge, which was a bet, imagine,
it was all new.
We made a setup, market studies,
launched it and in the first
year we sold 25 units.
The biggest failure in our history.
Today, Plus Elite accounts for 70%
of the group's turnover.
I think billions, billions.
What did we?
For we changed the equation,
we repositioned, that is, we were
able to find, we were persevering,
in agreement, and we gave with
that key.
And today it is the biggest success
the company has had, in agreement.
Then, this is an example of perseverance,
of re-focusing something that
was a huge failure.
And I remember that most of my
team said to me, forget, I said,
we can't forget, we can't
forget because it's a bet
of us, we can't forget because
it gives a continuity to the
vision we are having.
Then, if we forget, we have
failed, right?
And as we don't want to fail, years
have passed and that's the result.
I will then summarize these
two important advice.